Home Service Challenge Humble e-maual update (#1774)
ROBOTIS-GIT/emanual: _includes/en/platform/turtlebot3/home_service_challenge_noetic.md

    > Rviz View. Specify ${TB3_MODEL} : waffle_pi

### [Ready for actual robots](#ready-for-actual-robots)
{% capture notice_01 %}

> **NOTE**: Actual robots are supported starting with ROS2 Humble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Actual robots are supported starting with ROS 2 Humble.

```

Reviewer 2: @chan-1207

Author: [48242fb]
Fix typo
